Updates to the section "Using GitHub App functionality alongside the GitHub OAuth app" (#9143)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/github-integration.adoc

If you would like to rename your organization or repository, follow the xref:rename-organizations-and-repositories#[Rename organizations and repositories] guide to make sure you do not lose access to environment variables or contexts in the process.

[#using-github-app-functionality]
== Using GitHub App functionality alongside the GitHub OAuth App

Some existing and future functionality on CircleCI can only be enabled through the more secure xref:github-apps-integration#[CircleCI’s GitHub App integration].

> Until October 2024, the CircleCI GitHub App Integration was available exclusively to organizations created after September 2023. **Now, all organizations can install the CircleCI GitHub App to access new functionality. This includes organizations that currently integrate with CircleCI's GitHub OAuth App.**

Reviewer: can BB Cloud orgs do this too?

> Until October 2024, the CircleCI GitHub App Integration was available exclusively to organizations created after September 2023. **Now, all organizations can install the CircleCI GitHub App to access new functionality. This includes organizations that currently integrate with CircleCI's GitHub OAuth App.**

Author: Sorry I'd missed this one! 
They can, but 
1. what's the point, if they use BB? 
2. I figured that in this page - which is specific to the  GitHub oAuth - it would be simpler to remain focused on integrations with GitHub only. 

But I'm happy to approach this differently if you think that's better

> Until October 2024, the CircleCI GitHub App Integration was available exclusively to organizations created after September 2023. **Now, all organizations can install the CircleCI GitHub App to access new functionality. This includes organizations that currently integrate with CircleCI's GitHub OAuth App.**

Reviewer: As long as they _can_ regardless of why I think this is fine. Mainly just thinking the AI bot will pick this up so the range of the content is outside just the GitHub integration page, if that makes sense

    - **Cross-repo triggers**: events in one repository can trigger builds on one or many other repositories
    - [Coming soon] **More GitHub events as triggers**: Pipelines can be set up to run on events different than “push”, with more powerful customization of trigger conditions. 

[#installing-github-app-alongside-github-oauth-app]
### Installing GitHub App alongside the GitHub OAuth App

Installing the CircleCI GitHub App is a one-time action that enables all new features across the entire organization.

To get started, go to Project Settings for one of your projects, select the "Pipelines" tab, and link:https://circleci.com/docs/pipelines/#add-or-edit-a-pipeline[add a new pipeline]. One of the key steps in creating your first pipeline will be installing your GitHub App and connecting to it.
Once you will have set up your first pipeline, you will be able to add triggers to it through the **Project Settings > Triggers** page.

NOTE: only organization admins and users that have admin access to at least one repository in an organization can install the GitHub App.

[#github-app-integration]
### The GitHub App integration

> Compared to the GitHub OAuth App, the xref:github-apps-integration#[CircleCI’s GitHub App integration] offers increased control over which resources in your VCS CircleCI can access, and lets CircleCI access those resources in a more secure manner. Specifically:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compared to the GitHub OAuth App, the xref:github-apps-integration#[CircleCI GitHub App integration] offers increased control over which resources in your VCS CircleCI can access, and lets CircleCI access those resources in a more secure manner. Specifically:
```

* A **more flexible trigger system**, with each pipeline having any number of VCS or non-VCS triggers. This includes:
** **Non-repo based triggers**: xref:webhooks#custom-webhooks[Custom webhooks] enable triggering builds from any system that can emit webhook events. Refer to our link:https://discuss.circleci.com/t/product-update-trigger-pipelines-from-anywhere-custom-webhooks/49864[community forum] for an example and known limitations.
** **Cross-repo triggers**: Events in one repository can trigger builds on one or many other repositories. 
** [Coming soon] **More GitHub events as triggers**: Pipelines can be set up to run on events other than "push", with more powerful customization of trigger conditions. 

[#installing-github-app-alongside-github-oauth-app]
### Installing GitHub App alongside the GitHub OAuth app

Installing the CircleCI GitHub App is a one-time action that enables all new features across the entire organization.

> To get started, go to Project Settings for one of your projects, select the "Pipelines" tab, and link:https://circleci.com/docs/pipelines/#add-or-edit-a-pipeline[add a new pipeline]. One of the key steps in creating your first pipeline will be installing the CircleCI GitHub App and connecting to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, go to Project Settings for one of your projects, select the "Pipelines" tab, and xref:pipelines#add-or-edit-a-pipeline[add a new pipeline]. One of the key steps in creating your first pipeline will be installing the CircleCI GitHub App and connecting to it.
```

> To get started, go to Project Settings for one of your projects, select the "Pipelines" tab, and link:https://circleci.com/docs/pipelines/#add-or-edit-a-pipeline[add a new pipeline]. One of the key steps in creating your first pipeline will be installing the CircleCI GitHub App and connecting to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, go to menu:Project Settings[Pipelines] for one of your projects and link:https://circleci.com/docs/pipelines/#add-or-edit-a-pipeline[add a new pipeline]. One of the key steps in creating your first pipeline will be installing the CircleCI GitHub App and connecting to it.
```
